caKeyUsageCritical,testdata/caKeyUsageCrit.pem,OK 
caKeyUsageCritical,testdata/caKeyUsageMissing.pem,Error: UnknownError 
subCaCertPoliciesExtPresent,testdata/subCAWCertPolicyNoCrit.pem,OK 
subCaCertPoliciesExtPresent,testdata/subCAWNoCertPolicy.pem,Error: UnknownError 
subCaCertPoliciesNotMarkedCritical,testdata/subCAWCertPolicyNoCrit.pem,OK 
subCaCertPoliciesNotMarkedCritical,testdata/subCAWCertPolicyCrit.pem,Error: UnknownError 
rootBasicConstraintsCritical,testdata/caBasicConstCrit.pem,OK 
rootBasicConstraintsCritical,testdata/caBasicConstNotCrit.pem,Error: UnknownError 
rootPathLenNotPresent,testdata/rootCaMaxPathLenMissing.pem,OK 
rootPathLenNotPresent,testdata/rootCaMaxPathLenPresent.pem,Error: UnknownError 
rootExtKeyUseNotPresent,testdata/rootCAValid.pem,OK 
rootExtKeyUseNotPresent,testdata/rootCAWithEKU.pem,Error: UnknownError 
rootCertPoliciesNotPresent,testdata/rootCAValid.pem,OK 
rootCertPoliciesNotPresent,testdata/rootCAWithCertPolicy.pem,Error: UnknownError 
subCertEkuValidFields,testdata/subExtKeyUsageServClientEmail.pem,OK 
subCertEkuValidFields,testdata/subExtKeyUsageServClientEmailCodeSign.pem,Error: UnknownError 
subCaEkuPresent,testdata/subCAWEkuCrit.pem,OK 
subCaEkuPresent,testdata/subCAEKUMissing.pem,Error: UnknownError 
subCaEkuValidFields,testdata/subCAEKUValidFields.pem,OK 
subCaEkuValidFields,testdata/subCAEKUNotValidFields.pem,Error: UnknownError 
subCertCertPoliciesExtPresent,testdata/subCertPolicyNoCrit.pem,OK 
subCertCertPoliciesExtPresent,testdata/subCertPolicyMissing.pem,Error: UnknownError 
subCertCertPoliciesNotMarkedCritical,testdata/subCertPolicyNoCrit.pem,OK 
subCertCertPoliciesNotMarkedCritical,testdata/subCertPolicyCrit.pem,Error: UnknownError 
subCaNameConstrainsCritical,testdata/subCAWNameConstCrit.pem,OK 
subCaNameConstrainsCritical,testdata/subCAWNameConstNoCrit.pem,Error: UnknownError 
rootCertPoliciesExtNotPresent,testdata/rootCAValid.pem,OK 
rootCertPoliciesExtNotPresent,testdata/rootCAWithCertPolicy.pem,Error: UnknownError 
subCertCommonNameNotIncluded,testdata/commonNamesGood.pem,OK 
subCertCommonNameNotIncluded,testdata/commonNamesURL.pem,Error: UnknownError 
subCertCommonNameFromSan,testdata/SANCaseNotMatchingCN.pem,OK 
subCertCommonNameFromSan,testdata/SANRegisteredIdBeginning.pem,OK 
subCertCommonNameFromSan,testdata/SANWithMissingCN.pem,Error: UnknownError 
subCaCrlDistributionPointsPresent,testdata/subCAWcrlDistNoCrit.pem,OK 
subCaCrlDistributionPointsPresent,testdata/subCAWNocrlDist.pem,Error: UnknownError 
subCaCrlDistPointsNotMarkedCritical,testdata/subCAWcrlDistNoCrit.pem,OK 
subCaCrlDistPointsNotMarkedCritical,testdata/subCAWcrlDistCrit.pem,Error: UnknownError 
subCaCrlDistPointContainsHttpUrl,testdata/subCAWcrlDistNoCrit.pem,OK 
subCaCrlDistPointContainsHttpUrl,testdata/subCAcrlDistNoURL.pem,Error: UnknownError 
subCertCrlDistributionPointsPresent,testdata/subCrlDistCrit.pem,OK 
subCertCrlDistributionPointsPresent,testdata/subCertWIssuerURL.pem,Error: UnknownError 
subCertCrlDistPointsNotMarkedCritical,testdata/subCrlDistNoCrit.pem,OK 
subCertCrlDistPointsNotMarkedCritical,testdata/subCrlDistCrit.pem,Error: UnknownError 
subCertCrlDistPointContainsHttpUrl,testdata/subCrlDistURL.pem,OK 
subCertCrlDistPointContainsHttpUrl,testdata/subCrlDistURLInCompoundFullName.pem,OK 
subCertCrlDistPointContainsHttpUrl,testdata/subCrlDistNoURL.pem,Error: UnknownError 
subCertAIANotMarkedCritical,testdata/subCertAIANotMarkedCritical.pem,OK 
subCertAIANotMarkedCritical,testdata/subCertAIAMarkedCritical.pem,Error: UnknownError 
subCertAIAContainsOCSPUrl,testdata/subCertWOcspURL.pem,OK 
subCertAIAContainsOCSPUrl,testdata/subCertWIssuerURL.pem,Error: UnknownError 
subCAAIAContainsOCSPUrl,testdata/subCAAIANotMarkedCritical.pem,Error: UnknownError 
subCAAIAContainsOCSPUrl,testdata/subCAAIAValid.pem,OK 
subCAAIAContainsIssuingCAUrl,testdata/subCAWBothURL.pem,OK 
subCAAIAContainsIssuingCAUrl,testdata/subCAWOcspURL.pem,Error: UnknownError 
dnsWildcardNotLeftOfPublicSuffix,testdata/dnsNameWildcardNotLeftOfPublicSuffix.pem,OK 
dnsWildcardNotLeftOfPublicSuffix,testdata/dnsNameWildcardLeftOfPublicSuffix.pem,Error: UnknownError 

